FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Cyberduck 4 released for Mac and Windows

Bern, Mar 08, 2011

We are pleased to announce the availability of Cyberduck 4. The most popular client to access file servers and cloud storage on the Mac makes its debut on the Windows platform after more than one year of development and serveral months of beta testing.

Beside fixing bugs, changes from the beta release include support for newly introduced features of major cloud storage providers. A single upload to S3 now runs in parallel and can be up to 5TB in size. Buckets can now be configured as website endpoints including optionally enabling CloudFront CDN. For Rackspace, their new CDN provider Akamai is supported and files at edge locations can be purged.

The full changelog is available at http://cyberduck.ch/changelog.

A plethora of protocols is supported to connect to just about any server. These are FTP/TLS (File Transfer Protocol), SFTP (SSH Secure File Transfer), WebDAV (Web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning), Amazon S3, Google Storage, Google Docs, Windows Azure and Rackspace Cloud Files.

The browser allows to download, upload and move files using drag and drop with an hierarchical view to browse large folder structures efficiently. A history of visited servers is kept and Bonjour integration enables auto discovery of FTP and WebDAV services on the local network.

Its power feature to edit files with any external editor application makes it easy to edit content quickly, uploading changes to the server upon save in the background.

Manage your Google Docs synchronizing documents en masse, with the option to convert uploads for editing and Optical Character Recognition (OCR) for images.

The ground breaking simplicity of Cyberduck wraps advanced configuration options for content distribution in the cloud into an easily accessible and intuitive user interface. With support for custom origins, you can connect to any server using FTP or SFTP and configure it as the origin to fetch content for distribution using Amazon CloudFront CDN.

Access to files can be restricted with read and write permissions including support for Access Control Lists (ACL) when working with Amazon S3 or Google Storage. One can limit access to files stored in Google Storage selectively to an email address making secure sharing of potentially big files with collaborators a snap.

Other advanced options supported for S3 are storage redundancy levels, geographical location, file versioning (including revert), access log configuration and multi-factor authentication (MFA) to secure files from deletion using a one-time passcode from a hardware token.

SFTP supports public key authentication with both OpenSSH and PuTTY key formats.

An integrated software update component makes sure you are always using the latest and greatest of the steadily improved software. For users migrating to Cyberduck from third-party software, bookmarks with connection details of various thirdparty FTP clients are imported.

Cyberduck speaks your language and is available in English, čeština, Nederlands, Suomi, Français, Deutsch, Italiano, 日本語, 한국어, Norsk, Slovenčina, Español, Português (do Brasil), Português (Europeu), 中文 (简体), 正體中文 (繁體), Русский, Svenska, Dansk, Język Polski, Magyar, Bahasa Indonesia, Català, Cymraeg, ภาษาไทย, Türkçe, Ivrit, Latviešu Valoda, Ελληνικά, Cрпски, ქართული ენა, Slovenščina, українська мова & Română.

Mac OS X 10.5 or later required. Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows 7 required.


--
Contact
David Kocher
Yves Langisch
mailto:feedback@cyberduck.ch
http://cyberduck.ch

Blog
http://cyberduck.ch/news

Wiki
http://help.cyberduck.ch

Bug Tracking and Feature Requests
http://trac.cyberduck.ch

Cyberduck is an open source FTP, SFTP & WebDAV browser for Mac and Windows to transfer files to your web hosting service provider and connecting to cloud storage accounts from Rackspace Cloud Files, Windows Azure & Amazon S3 or manage documents in Google Docs with the same easy to use interface with quickly accessible bookmarks. It features a browser to download, upload and move files using drag and drop with an hierarchical view to browse large folder structures efficiently. Transfers are handled with ease including synchronization of local with remote directories. To edit files, a seamless integration with any external editor application makes it easy to change content quickly. Manage the documents in your Google Docs account with the option to convert uploaded images to documents with optical character recognition (OCR). Both Amazon CloudFront and Akamai content delivery networks (CDN) can be easily configured to distribute your files worldwide from edge locations. Bundled with more than 30 localizations including Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Spanish, German and French, the user interface makes you instantly feel at home.

Supports connecting to FTP (File Transfer Protocol with TLS support), SFTP (SSH Secure File Transfer), WebDAV (Web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning), Amazon S3, Google Storage, Google Docs, Windows Azure and Rackspace Cloud Files. Works with emerging open cloud software standards using either the S3 or Openstack APIs from thirdparty providers such as Google Storage, Dunkel Cloud Storage, Rackspace Cloud Files (US/UK), Internap XIPCloud Storage or any custom Eucalyptus installation.


Copyright (c) 2002-2011 David Kocher. Copyright (c) 2011 Yves Langisch. All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.